README.md, before:

# Breakfast

> By [Sparklapse](https://sparklapse.com)

## Getting Started

If you just want to use brekkie as part of your streams, the just head to [brekkie.stream](https://brekkie.stream) and you can sign up for an account to get started!

If you're looking for documentation and guides on how to use brekkie, [check out our docs](https://docs.brekkie.stream).

If you're viewing this on Github, then come say hi over at [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/sparklapse/breakfast/breakfast) as this is just a mirror.

## 0.x Disclaimer

Since we have not yet reached an initial stable version, things will be changing rapidly and some features may or may not stick. If you want to get involved, come say hi in the [discord server](https://discord.gg/H6G2Z7P5rc).

## License

The chosen license for the project is the GNU AGPL v3.0 (a similar license to projects like OBS and GIMP).
Content creation is built on the back of sharing and community collaboration so we want to see this project ensure that sentiment continues.
However the content created with this project (overlays, scripts, etc.) are **not** required to be licensed the same way.

Commit message:

Updated create-breakfast and README to reflect new namings

README.md, after:

# Breakfast

> By [Sparklapse](https://sparklapse.com)

## Getting Started

If you just want to use breakfast as part of your streams without any of the hassle, then just head to [brekkie.stream](https://brekkie.stream) and you can sign up for an account to get started!

If you're looking for documentation and guides on cook.stream ecosystem, [check out our docs](https://docs.cook.stream/breakfast).

If you're viewing this on Github, then come say hi over at [Gitlab](https://gitlab.com/sparklapse/cook/breakfast) as this is just a mirror.

## 0.x Disclaimer

Since we have not yet reached an initial stable version, things will be changing rapidly and some features may or may not stick. If you want to get involved, come say hi in the [discord server](https://discord.gg/H6G2Z7P5rc).

## License

The chosen license for the project is the GNU AGPL v3.0 (a similar license to projects like OBS and GIMP).
Content creation is built on the back of sharing and community collaboration so we want to see this project ensure that sentiment continues.
However the content created with this project (overlays, scripts, etc.) are **not** required to be licensed the same way.
